Wednesday 27 July 2011
groups of soul ascensions
the choice to leave the chaos built by the man of the third dimension is one
decision
who must be taken from the mind
however
what the mind chooses may not be the best for the soul
group souls to ascend need to gather all their fragments together
in one consciousness
Meditate well on the consequences of your choices as you would if you did
should make an important decision
that concerns your whole family
before everything comes of interests of the whole group of souls from it must
be considered as the supreme good
not all groups depend on the collaboration of one or more individuals
but some are
what is the difference
the one who woke up did not do it only for himself but also for
all the other souls belonging to their ugly
then
if you are a member of a group where a person is totally enlightened
this qualifies the whole group to leave the third dimension
however this does not ensure the automatic achievement of the fifth
dimension
but it becomes a good way to reach it
those who have not achieved complete enlightenment need
keep your heart open in the light of awakening to a great extent
bigger than the others
it can also be said that
within a group the opening of the heart of 10 souls is not completely
awakened guaglio carlucci is that of a perfectly enlightened individual
moreover the presence of 10 can reopen within a group allows
to the whole group itself to leave the third dimension for the fifth
we are now evaluating the number and intensity of collective auras in
able to ascend
they are not as many as we had originally expected but they are anyway
an adequate number capable of having an impact
will have these ascensions of adequate influence in the plane of ascension
now unless the souls will not find a meaningful collective union to the
time of the call
probably my messages may seem very reassuring pine because
because they are in contrast with some falsely reassuring beliefs that
lately they have been reported by many false teachers
all those who are waiting for big cash gifts
of bali for distant galaxies that await the movement of the continents
who believe that no man child of god will be punished eliminated oh what
yet they have been persuaded to believe that the mass ascension of everything will be
the planet well these people will remain deeply disappointed
perhaps these ideas come from the divine light of Christ consciousness
you had cloth directly to your heart to get an answer about it
none of the things I've talked about
and that instead the dark cabal describes as a fact
can actually occur
those who have been deceived by these illusions
now they need to address the real reasons behind the current situation
human condition
no departure of humanity towards other planets in the world
your history of teaching as in the past the Puritans
who went to other countries to establish their freedom of belief
we met local natives not very hospitable to them
so it happens on the planets of other galaxies
but nothing of what we have said
was accepted by those people
in no other galaxy will they be able to continue harmoniously their own
development
since it is those places are already intensely inhabited and so it is if
will encounter natural obstacles and waste
it my dears
each fifth dimension
losses or different races has its own destination galaxy for those who
down
this is the only option to complete the incarnation cycle through the
awakening
can a whole soul group go to the seventh dimension brought by its own
enlightened leader
it can only go in fifth
then from there each soul will have to wake up individually to go
forward
please
take into consideration the fact that you can all help to help
a group of conscious souls along the path of awakening
awakening simply means having a deeper awareness
of human experience
many can wake up more quickly and easily thanks
to the help of an already awakened master
if you want to wake up you need to be less dependent on expectations
towards the outside is of those around you and stop continuing to
chasing one's dreams more or less tempting
be determined to wake up now
it can be a catalyst for others to awaken
absolutely yes
look at how the teachings work on them
nothing of what they are and they say can be a refusal to the heart of a
master who loves only them does not matter in what way unconditional love from you to
all
call to you those who need more with the data than the attention they
they deserve
do not offer negative thoughts about those souls who answered the call
of awareness and want to take the path
welcome all those who have chosen to pass by in the darkness
to the light
you can do something beautiful without necessarily thinking or creating
at the same time its place as often topicality pushes to do
do not insist on those pieris who deceive people but
brace dirt sheets combined to give light to their hearts do not reject yours
enemies
they represent the door of your ascension
being able to love is the most important and difficult thing about who a being is
human can do
dispelling the darkness is what is required of you
sending love to individuals who are prisoners of darkness means involving them
in a new change
they will continue to deny the love and attention they receive not forever
as they receive love from their irrepressible unconscious desire
all dark beings transmit darkness simply because it is the
their light has been buried and forgotten
it is possible for you to open their trumpet with your love
to resurrect the consciousness of Christ in them all this seems absurd
you want to see me a test
practicing this can bring new strength to the person
who wants to go down, commit yourselves to this i do it together because we
we all want to raise the floor to new levels of light
get yourself a new commitment instead of continuing to wait because it is
waiting and hope lead to nothing
giving love can be done a lot instead
I am the one who is an ascended master sainte germaine channeled from Rome